feat: Add Redpanda module (#1058)
testcontainers/testcontainers-go: docs/modules/redpanda.md

# Redpanda

> Redpanda is a streaming data platform for developers. Kafka API compatible. 10x faster. No ZooKeeper. No JVM!
> This testcontainer provides three APIs:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Not available until the next release of testcontainers-go <a href="https://github.com/testcontainers/testcontainers-go"><span class="tc-version">:material-tag: main</span></a>

## Introduction

Redpanda is a streaming data platform for developers. Kafka API compatible. 10x faster. No ZooKeeper. No JVM!
This Testcontainers module provides three APIs:
```

> Redpanda is a streaming data platform for developers. Kafka API compatible. 10x faster. No ZooKeeper. No JVM!
> This testcontainer provides three APIs:
> 
> - Kafka API
> - Schema Registry API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Not available until the next release of testcontainers-go <a href="https://github.com/testcontainers/testcontainers-go"><span class="tc-version">:material-tag: main</span></a>

## Introduction

Redpanda is a streaming data platform for developers. Kafka API compatible. 10x faster. No ZooKeeper. No JVM!
This Testcontainers module provides three APIs:
```
